The map above make possible to discuss some notable considerations. First, the optimal location **change considerably** with the period of time, the only exception is represented by morning and midday (some jitter has been added to point in the map to avoid a complete overlapping though).
When the ideal **free flow speed** is used, the optimal location is placed in a **central position** with respect to the area that must be covered, it's only slightly north of the actual city centre. This location moves even further north when the
average speed across **all the day** is used, underlining that the impact of traffic congestion is relevant and the usage of actual data instead of ideal traffic speed (i.e. spatial distance) can lead to significant differences in the optimal solutions. The optimal solution changes even more when looking at more specific scenarios. Particularly, while **midday** and **morning** average speed lead in selecting the same location in a quite decentralized west position, the **afternoon** scenario has a very north located optimal solution. 

Can be also observed that also the value of **objective function change considerably** in different scenarios. Particularly, the **best value** of 27m36s is obtained in the **free flow scenario** while the **worst one** of 33m56s is associated to the **afternoon scenario**. Other considerations are:
- even optimizing with respect to a specific scenario, it is not possible to obtain the same obj function value as in the ideal scenario.
- The **morning** and **midday** scenarios have similar obj function value that correspond to the same optimal location.
- The **afternoon** scenario is by far the worst, and **strongly influence** the average **all day** scenario.
